Subject: Re: Alyspan domain move to quickbuiltsystems.com.au

Hi [Agency name],

That all sounds good and we're happy to go ahead. A few notes and a couple of
questions before we flip anything over.


DNS

There's nothing on alyspan.com.au except the website itself - no email, no other
services - so moving the nameservers is low risk from our end.

That said, we don't strictly need a nameserver change. Vercel only needs two
records:

    A       @       76.76.21.21
    CNAME   www     cname.vercel-dns.com

If it's easier for you to leave the nameservers where they are and just point
those two records at us, that works exactly the same and touches less. Happy
either way - let us know which you'd prefer and we'll add the domain on the
Vercel side to match.

One thing to check before the cutover: how is alyspan.com.au currently verified
in Search Console? If it's verified by HTML file or meta tag, that verification
will break the moment the redirects go live, and you need to stay a verified
owner of the old property to run the change of address. If it's not already a
DNS TXT record, please switch it to one and send us the record so we can add it
to the new zone ahead of time.


REDIRECTS

We've set these up already and they're tested and ready to deploy. Rather than a
single blanket wildcard, we've mapped the pages that have a real equivalent on
the new site:

    /                                 ->  /products/alyspan
    /files/products.php               ->  /products/alyspan
    /files/specifications.php         ->  /products/alyspan
    /files/contact.php                ->  /contact
    /files/terms-and-conditions.php   ->  /terms
    everything else /*                ->  /products/alyspan

All 301, and both the www and non-www versions of the old domain are covered.

The reason for splitting Contact and Terms out rather than sending everything to
the product page: a redirect that lands on an unrelated page tends to get treated
as a soft 404 and passes very little through, so it seemed worth pointing those
two at their actual equivalents. Say the word if you'd rather they all went to
the one page and we'll change it.

Also worth flagging - we can't do the redirects until the domain is added on our
Vercel project, so the sequence is: we add alyspan.com.au in Vercel, you point
the DNS, redirects go live the moment it resolves. No gap.


GOOGLE TAG MANAGER

We think there may be a crossed wire here. quickbuiltsystems.com.au already has a
GTM container installed site-wide - GTM-NJ8DV8C - along with a Meta Pixel. Since
Alyspan is becoming a page on that site rather than a site of its own, adding
GTM-52TX4RQ as well would mean two containers firing on the same pages and every
pageview being counted twice.

Our suggestion is to keep the single existing container and fold whatever's in
52TX4RQ into it. Could you either:

  a) let us know what tags 52TX4RQ contains so we can recreate them in
     NJ8DV8C, or
  b) tell us who owns NJ8DV8C so you can be given access and set it up
     directly

Whichever is less work for you. If there's a reason we're missing for wanting
both containers live, we're all ears.


A FEW OTHER THINGS

1. Domain renewal. We'd moved Alyspan across with a view to eventually retiring
   the domain, but the 301s only work while it's registered - if it lapses, the
   redirects stop and whatever ranking value they were passing is lost. What's a
   sensible minimum to keep it renewed for in your view? Our assumption is at
   least 12 months after the change of address, but happy to be guided.

2. Crawler blocking. We block a handful of aggressive crawlers at the server
   level on quickbuiltsystems.com.au, including AhrefsBot, SemrushBot and
   DataForSeoBot. Googlebot and Bingbot are unaffected and index normally. Just
   so you're not caught out - if you monitor rankings or crawl the site with
   Ahrefs or Semrush, those tools will report it as unreachable. Send us the IP
   ranges and we'll whitelist them.

3. Change of address. Worth double checking on your side whether the Search
   Console tool will accept a target that's a subfolder of another site
   (/products/alyspan) rather than a domain or subdomain - we weren't certain it
   does. If it won't take it, the 301s should still consolidate things on their
   own, just more slowly.


Let us know on the DNS approach and the GTM container and we'll get the domain
added our end.

Thanks,
James
Quick Built Systems
